hello my good friend Harry up in Canada
wants to know how they've been working
on this bridge and what do I do to it so
uh anyways this is the bridge it's by
micro engineering and it's a tall steel
viaduct and we got the longer one the
210-foot one and what we're the problem
with we have such a long span and it's
plastic is that as you run three or four
engines over it we want a little more
strength a little more rigidity so what
I did was take some aluminum stock and
this is the stuff that you put over the
end of a 3/4 inch plywood so it looks
like just a u-shaped there's a view of
it there and again it's for 3/4 inch
plywood and what I did was drew it out
on this board which is the same radius
34 inches that we have on the climb the
most important parts are where the two
supports connect to the bridge so those
have to be the same size that's where
they're in the dark darker black and
then in between is where the other spans
will go across and what I did was every
curve is different but for our curve I
ended up taking out a little triangle of
the piece and you can see where I
spliced it there I'm actually about five
places and then what I did is after I
took the splice the triangle out
according to a the angles that I needed
I drilled holes in each of the different
parts and then what I had to do that for
was so I could attach it to this piece
of wood and the reason I did that was so
that I could turn it over and show you
you can see that I had to put bolts and
little plates on each one of the
connections and I put lock washers in
there as well and then what I did after
I got that all residents I took it off
the board and they used epoxy
glue the different spans and also some
of the underside to the to the piece of
metal and now we have a span that you
really aren't gonna see you're not gonna
see the metal in between and the track
is gonna go over the top so after a lot
of work
we finished the two stands and they're
just barely in place right now because
we're just trying to figure out where it
is and I'm trying to show you what's
going on so we had to cut two grooves
for the for the u-shape and at the end
of this you can see there's another
piece of metal in there and between the
two of them they equal the exact height
of the cork and so if you give me a
second
it slides in there you can see the
connection there it's exactly the same
height and we're gonna screw and then
epoxy that to the end of the table here
and then to keep the supports level
we're gonna just shimmy in the different
sizes we need to attach it to a bridge
and after we get the right height on
both of these we're take it all off and
paint the whole thing once it's all
glued and then we can just put it right
back in place so that's where we are
right now so what the bridge kind of
looks like we're thinking it looks
pretty good so far
take a look at it down the the riverbed
sorry I've got all the tools and stuff
but anyways that's what it's gonna look
like and we'll show you more when we get
it done hope that helps Harry talk to
you later